README.md, before:

# Testing Utilities
Just some small utilities for sandbox/modding

- Team Changer: Change teams easilty. (Disabled in campaign)
- Seppuku Button: Kill yourself. Press and hold to commit crawler. A setting to make the death instant can be found in game settings.
- Clone Button: Instantly clones your player unit. Press and hold to mass clone. (Disabled in campaign)
- Heal Button: Sets your player unit's hp to its max. (Disabled in campaign)
- Invincibility Button: Sets your player unit's hp to infinity. (Disabled in campaign)
- Sandbox/Survival Button: Toggles infinite resources. (Disabled in campaign)
- Fill/Dump Core: Fill or empty your core of all items. Hold to swap. (Disabled in campaign)
- Status Menu: Apply/clear status effects to yourself. (Disabled in campaign)
- Unit Menu: Allows you to both spawn units and transform into a different unit, as well as set the wave number. (Disabled in campaign)
- Block Menu: Allows you to place any block in the game. (Disabled in campaign)

A setting for making the menu folded by default can be found in game settings.

Also enables devmode and increases zooming range.

Original repo here: [MEEPofFaith/testing-utilities-js](https://github.com/MEEPofFaith/testing-utilities-js).

## Building for Desktop Testing

1. Install JDK **16**.
2. Run `gradlew jar` [1].
3. Your mod jar will be in the `build/libs` directory. **Only use this version for testing on desktop. It will not work with Android.**
To build an Android-compatible version, you need the Android SDK. You can either let Github Actions handle this, or set it up yourself. See steps below.

## Building through Github Actions

This repository is set up with Github Actions CI to automatically build the mod for you every commit. This requires a Github repository, for obvious reasons.
To get a jar file that works for every platform, do the following:
1. Make a Github repository with your mod name, and upload the contents of this repo to it. Perform any modifications necessary, then commit and push. 
2. Check the "Actions" tab on your repository page. Select the most recent commit in the list. If it completed successfully, there should be a download link under the "Artifacts" section. 
3. Click the download link (should be the name of your repo). This will download a **zipped jar** - **not** the jar file itself [2]! Unzip this file and import the jar contained within in Mindustry. This version should work both on Android and Desktop.

## Building Locally

Building locally takes more time to set up, but shouldn't be a problem if you've done Android development before.
1. Download the Android SDK, unzip it and set the `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable to its location.
2. Make sure you have API level 30 installed, as well as any recent version of build tools (e.g. 30.0.1)
3. Add a build-tools folder to your PATH. For testing, if you have `30.0.1` installed, that would be `$ANDROID_HOME/build-tools/30.0.1`.
4. Run `gradlew deploy`. If you did everything correctlly, this will create a jar file in the `build/libs` directory that can be run on both Android and desktop. 

## Adding Dependencies

Please note that all dependencies on Mindustry, Arc or its submodules **must be declared as compileOnly in Gradle**. Never use `implementation` for core Mindustry or Arc dependencies. 

- `implementation` **places the entire dependency in the jar**, which is, in most mod dependencies, very undesirable. You do not want the entirety of the Mindustry API included with your mod.
- `compileOnly` means that the dependency is only around at compile time, and not included in the jar.

Only use `implementation` if you want to package another Java library *with your mod*, and that library is not present in Mindustry already.

--- 

*[1]* *On Linux/Mac it's `./gradlew`, but if you're using Linux I assume you know how to run executables properly anyway.*  
*[2]: Yes, I know this is stupid. It's a Github UI limitation - while the jar itself is uploaded unzipped, there is currently no way to download it as a single file.*

Commit message:

sk7725/whynotteleport
Also added missing tool info in bundles

README.md, after:

# Testing Utilities
Just some small utilities for sandbox/modding

- Team Changer: Change teams easilty. (Disabled in campaign)
- Seppuku Button: Kill yourself. Press and hold to commit crawler. A setting to make the death instant can be found in game settings.
- Clone Button: Instantly clones your player unit. Press and hold to mass clone. (Disabled in campaign)
- Heal Button: Sets your player unit's hp to its max. (Disabled in campaign)
- Invincibility Button: Sets your player unit's hp to infinity. (Disabled in campaign)
- Sandbox/Survival Button: Toggles infinite resources. (Disabled in campaign)
- Fill/Dump Core: Fill or empty your core of all items. Hold to swap. (Disabled in campaign)
- Status Menu: Apply/clear status effects to yourself. (Disabled in campaign)
- Unit Menu: Spawn units or transform into a different unit. Includes a wave selector. (Disabled in campaign)
- Block Menu: Place blocks anywhere, even ones you're supposed to. (Disabled in campaign)
- [sk7725/whynotteleport](https://github.com/sk7725/WhyNotTeleport): Ctrl + Alt + Click to teleport to your cursor. Sorry if your on mobile. (Disabled in campaign)

A setting for making the menu folded by default can be found in game settings.

Also enables console and increases zooming range.

Original repo here: [MEEPofFaith/testing-utilities-js](https://github.com/MEEPofFaith/testing-utilities-js).

## Building for Desktop Testing

1. Install JDK **16**.
2. Run `gradlew jar` [1].
3. Your mod jar will be in the `build/libs` directory. **Only use this version for testing on desktop. It will not work with Android.**
To build an Android-compatible version, you need the Android SDK. You can either let Github Actions handle this, or set it up yourself. See steps below.

## Building through Github Actions

This repository is set up with Github Actions CI to automatically build the mod for you every commit. This requires a Github repository, for obvious reasons.
To get a jar file that works for every platform, do the following:
1. Make a Github repository with your mod name, and upload the contents of this repo to it. Perform any modifications necessary, then commit and push. 
2. Check the "Actions" tab on your repository page. Select the most recent commit in the list. If it completed successfully, there should be a download link under the "Artifacts" section. 
3. Click the download link (should be the name of your repo). This will download a **zipped jar** - **not** the jar file itself [2]! Unzip this file and import the jar contained within in Mindustry. This version should work both on Android and Desktop.

## Building Locally

Building locally takes more time to set up, but shouldn't be a problem if you've done Android development before.
1. Download the Android SDK, unzip it and set the `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable to its location.
2. Make sure you have API level 30 installed, as well as any recent version of build tools (e.g. 30.0.1)
3. Add a build-tools folder to your PATH. For testing, if you have `30.0.1` installed, that would be `$ANDROID_HOME/build-tools/30.0.1`.
4. Run `gradlew deploy`. If you did everything correctlly, this will create a jar file in the `build/libs` directory that can be run on both Android and desktop. 

## Adding Dependencies

Please note that all dependencies on Mindustry, Arc or its submodules **must be declared as compileOnly in Gradle**. Never use `implementation` for core Mindustry or Arc dependencies. 

- `implementation` **places the entire dependency in the jar**, which is, in most mod dependencies, very undesirable. You do not want the entirety of the Mindustry API included with your mod.
- `compileOnly` means that the dependency is only around at compile time, and not included in the jar.

Only use `implementation` if you want to package another Java library *with your mod*, and that library is not present in Mindustry already.

--- 

*[1]* *On Linux/Mac it's `./gradlew`, but if you're using Linux I assume you know how to run executables properly anyway.*  
*[2]: Yes, I know this is stupid. It's a Github UI limitation - while the jar itself is uploaded unzipped, there is currently no way to download it as a single file.*
